So...
You only play Call of Duty.
Wait, that's so real. I only, like, jumped in.
Oh, I call it these. They make you add, like, your phone number or something.
Oh yeah.
I dont want like 8 year olds on the game, but there's 8 year olds anyways.
You should get a computer to play games with us.
Fortnite's hard to run. There's a lot of players at once.
It depends on like...
No no no No! No League! No League of Legends.
No, because... No, it's like 2001.
In uhm donno its just It's about the server.
It's a different device. It's a different device. Minecraft Pocket Edition?
you
Minecraft is Like if you're on.
If you're on Minecraft online, depending on who you're playing with, the servers can be like worldwide..
I know.
I uh...
How many chunks do you want?
It was(***).
Don't play League of Legends.
Arcades? Arcades. I really don't like arcades.
Oh my Gosh, wait, have you played Spider-Man on your PS?
on your PlayStation? How's yea how's spiderman?
I've only played Miles Morales(***)
It's fragile.
Modern Warfare 1.
Which one? Which one? warfare? (***).
Wait which one did you play?
Since from what year is that?
Black ops? it just sounds like black ops.
Oh my what's the wait.
What's the plot for the campaign?
What stuffs was? (***).
I love Florence. Sorry, off topic.
That's so sad. That's actually kind of sad.
The man His name is what? Zussman?
Okayy...
Oh wait Do you think he... Do you think they'd handle like this?
Sensitivity of World War II well.
They don't glorify it or anything.
Okay, I'll check out the game.
That's just literally a lie.
The pew pew pew pew pew boi do you play for the lore?